README.md, before:

# Acquia Cloud VM

I use this VM to test things in an environment close to that of Acquia's Cloud servers, following the guide at [Acquia Cloud technology platform and supported software](https://docs.acquia.com/cloud/arch/tech-platform).

The following is included inside this VM:

  - Apache 2.2.22
  - MySQL 5.5.x
  - PHP 5.3.x (5.5.x configurable)
  - Varnish 3.x
  - Composer
  - Drush 6.x
  - Git
  - (More to come...).

## Usage

  1. Install [VirtualBox](https://www.virtualbox.org/wiki/Downloads), [Vagrant](https://www.vagrantup.com/downloads.html), and [Ansible](http://docs.ansible.com/intro_installation.html):
    - `$ brew cask install virtualbox vagrant`
    - `$ brew install ansible`
  2. (From the same directory as this README file) run `$ vagrant up`

*This assumes you have [Homebrew](http://brew.sh/) installed and have `cask` installed (`brew tap caskroom/cask && brew install brew-cask` to install). On a Linux or Windows computer, you will need to install VirtualBox, Vagrant and Ansible according to the guides linked in step 1. This VM is not currently supported on Windows, but if you'd like support, please file an issue.*

**Note**: Do NOT use the included Ansible playbook for production infrastructure unless you understand the security implications and have configured secure passwords, a firewall, etc. This VM and playbook are meant to help you replicate the Aquia Cloud environment locally, not to replicate the Acquia Cloud on other public infrastructure. You have been warned!

## TODO

  - Add Xdebug (`geerlingguy.xdebug`)
  - Add PHPMyAdmin (`geerlingguy.phpmyadmin`)
  - Add memcached (`geerlingguy.memcached`)
  - Add Solr (`geerlingguy.tomcat6` + `geerlingguy.solr`)
  - Add other utilities and helpful tooling

## Author Information

This VM was created in 2014 by [Jeff Geerling](http://jeffgeerling.com/), author of [Ansible for DevOps](http://ansiblefordevops.com/).

Commit message:

New config method for more flexibility.

README.md, after:

# Acquia Cloud VM

I use this VM to test things in an environment close to that of Acquia's Cloud servers, following the guide at [Acquia Cloud technology platform and supported software](https://docs.acquia.com/cloud/arch/tech-platform).

The following is included inside this VM:

  - Apache 2.2.22
  - MySQL 5.5.x
  - PHP 5.3.x (5.5.x configurable)
  - Varnish 3.x
  - Composer
  - Drush 6.x
  - Git
  - (More to come...).

## Usage

  1. Install [VirtualBox](https://www.virtualbox.org/wiki/Downloads), [Vagrant](https://www.vagrantup.com/downloads.html), and [Ansible](http://docs.ansible.com/intro_installation.html):
    - `$ brew cask install virtualbox vagrant`
    - `$ brew install ansible`
  2. (From the same directory as this README file) run `$ vagrant up`

*This assumes you have [Homebrew](http://brew.sh/) installed and have `cask` installed (`brew tap caskroom/cask && brew install brew-cask` to install). On a Linux or Windows computer, you will need to install VirtualBox, Vagrant and Ansible according to the guides linked in step 1. This VM is not currently supported on Windows, but if you'd like support, please file an issue.*

**Note**: Do NOT use the included Ansible playbook for production infrastructure unless you understand the security implications and have configured secure passwords, a firewall, etc. This VM and playbook are meant to help you replicate the Aquia Cloud environment locally, not to replicate the Acquia Cloud on other public infrastructure. You have been warned!

## Customization

Please see the available VM customization options inside `vagrant_config.yml`. You can easily define folder mappings inside this folder, as well as change some settings like RAM/CPU allocation and the hostname and IP address of the VM.

If there's something you wish to change, but it's not available through the config file, please file an issue!

## TODO

  - Add Xdebug (`geerlingguy.xdebug`)
  - Add PHPMyAdmin (`geerlingguy.phpmyadmin`)
  - Add memcached (`geerlingguy.memcached`)
  - Add Solr (`geerlingguy.tomcat6` + `geerlingguy.solr`)
  - Add other utilities and helpful tooling

## Author Information

This VM was created in 2014 by [Jeff Geerling](http://jeffgeerling.com/), author of [Ansible for DevOps](http://ansiblefordevops.com/).
